refine jepsen tests (#11)
scalar-labs/scalardb: jepsen/scalardb/README.md

> 1. Get Jepsen which has Cassandra tests

Reviewer: Can you update the first section ?
```
# Jepsen tests for Scalar DB

This guide will teach you how to run Jepsen tests for Scalar DB.
The current tests use [Cassandra test tools in Jepsen](https://github.com/scalar-labs/jepsen/tree/cassandra).
```
@iamcap7  Please correct my english as needed.

Reviewer 2: @feeblefakie It is not needed 👍

Author: Thanks. Done

```
# in jepsen-control

$ cd /jepsen/scalardb
$ lein run test --test transfer --nemesis crash --join decommission --time-limit 300
```

>   - You can find full options by `lein run test --help`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Use `lein run test --help` to see a list of the full options
```

Author: Thanks!
